add `panic` keyword / add contributing section to Readme (#46)
gleam-lang/tree-sitter-gleam: README.md

1. [Install tree-sitter-cli]
2. Create a `tree-sitters` directory in your home directory.
3. Clone this repository (or symlink it) into the new `~/tree-sitters/`
   directory.
4. Run `tree-sitter parse path/to/file.gleam` to be shown the parse tree for the
   file.
5. Run `tree-sitter highlight path/to/file.gleam` to be shown the file with
   syntax highlighting applied.

[tree-sitter-gleam-rust-example]:
https://github.com/J3RN/tree-sitter-gleam-rust-example
[tree-sitter-cli]:
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter/blob/master/cli/README.md
[Install tree-sitter-cli]:

> https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter/blob/master/cli/README.md#installation

Reviewer: I'm not a believer in wrapping Markdown content at a given line length.  The reason being that if you _don't_ wrap it, it can be read in a viewer/editor with line wrap at line length 60, 80, 100, etc; whatever the user wants.  If you _do_ wrap it and the user prefers a narrower line length (say, 60 characters), you get weird artifacting like this:

> 3. Clone this repository (or symlink it) into the new
`~/tree_sitters/`
directory.

[open an issue]: https://github.com/J3RN/tree-sitter-gleam/issues/new

Contributing
------------

> 1. Change files such as `grammar.json` and `queries/highlight.scm`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Change files such as `grammar.js` and `queries/highlight.scm`.
```

2. The grammar needs to be generated from the `grammar.js` file by running `npm run generate`.

> 3. Add lang feature tests in `test/corpus/functions.txt`.
> 4. Run `npm run test` and fix tests in `test/corpus/functions.txt`.

Reviewer: `functions.txt` isn't the _only_ place for tests; there's a bunch of files in `test/corpus/` that exist for testing different bits of the language.  How about this?

```suggestion
3. Add parser feature tests to the relevant file(s) in `test/corpus/` (or make a new one!).
4. Run `npm run test` and fix any failing tests.
```
